Ontology (continuing to add precision to the word "Ontology" previously used above)
   Uses a Controlled Vocabulary to specify Things, Properties and Relations for a Domain-of-Knowledge. Defines a set of statements about a Domain-of-Knowledge. Statements in Ontomatica ontologies are implemented as Graphs.

Faceted Classification
   Enables assignment of a Term to multiple categories in a Taxonomy. Faceted search (a.k.a. faceted navigation or faceted browsing) is the user-interface of a faceted classification system. Users explore a collection of information by applying multiple filters (a.k.a. facet terms).

Facet Tree
   Hierarchy of Facets in a specific Domain-of-Knowledge.

Thing (continuing to add precision to the word "Thing" previously used above)
   An entity capable of an independent existence that can be uniquely identified.

Subject
   An observer; an entity that has a relationship with another entity that exists outside of itself (an "object"). A Subject is an observer and an Object is an entity observed.

Object
   An entity observed by a Subject.

Item
   A Thing - associated with a Domain-of-Knowledge - that is described by one or more Terms in one or more Facet Trees. Item is comparable to Data in a Data Model and to an instance of an Entity-type in an Entity-Relationship model.

Graph
   Composed of vertices {nodes} and lines {edges} that connect vertices. Ontomatica graphs are Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAG) that represent Things and causal Relations between them.

Facet and Facet Term (as defined during Facet Classification and revealed in a Facet Tree)
   Vertex {node} in a Graph. Logically, a facet is a noun. A class term (word identifying a collection of Facet Terms) is called a Facet. A type term (instances of members of a Facet) is called Facet Term. Code assigned to Facet Term (FT) is called Facet Term Code (FTC).

Facet Map
   Pairing of an Item with one or more Facet Terms in one or more Facet Trees.

Relation (continuing to add precision to the word "Relation" previously used above)
   Line {edge} expressing connection between Facets and Facet Terms in a Graph. Logically, a relation is a verb. Term that describes a Relation is a Predicate.

Predicate and Predicate Term
   Type {single} or class {hierarchy} of Relations. A class term (word identifying a collection of Predicate Terms) is called a Predicate. A type term (instances of members of a Predicate Taxonomy) is called Predicate Term. Code assigned to Predicate Term (PT) is called Predicate Term Code (PTC).

Syntax (continuing to add precision to the word "Syntax" previously used above, but now specific to Ontology)
   Web Ontology Language (OWL) that specifies the Syntax for creating structures like phrases, sentences, and paragraphs.

Grammar (continuing to add precision to the word "Grammar" previously used above, but now specific to Ontology)
   Set of statements in the logical form: :class:`subject` :class:`predicate` :class:`object` where :class:`subject` and :class:`object` are Facet Terms and :class:`predicate` are Predicate Terms.
